python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_B2.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_B2_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_B.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_B_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_C.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_C_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_D.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_D_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_E.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_E_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_F.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_F_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_H.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_H_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_I.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_I_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_J.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_J_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_K.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_K_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_L.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_L_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_N.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_N_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/CC_O.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/CC_O_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_B.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_B_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_C.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_C_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_D.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_D_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_E.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_E_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_F.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_F_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_G.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_G_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_H.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_H_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_I.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_I_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_J.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_J_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_K.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_K_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_L.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_L_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_M.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_M_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_N.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_N_m0.vcf
python ~/spirodela/filtering/mut_filtering.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela_ma/ugOutput/GP2-3_O.vcf /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/data/compareSNPs/GP2-3_O_m0.vcf
