python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt chloroplast.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt mitochondrion.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo0.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo10.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo11.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo12.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo13.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo14.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo15.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo16.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo17.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo18.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo19.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo1.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo20.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo21.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo22.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo23.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo24.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo25.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo26.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo27.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo28.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo29.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo2.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo30.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo31.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo32.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo3.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo4.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo5.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo6.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo7.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo8.txt
python /data/daniel.cole/spirodela/filtering/removeTE.py /data/maggie.bartkowska/spirodela/summarized_vcf_files/filtering_may2015/intervals/Spolyrhiza_290_v2.repeatmasked_assembly_v1_TE_intervals.txt pseudo9.txt
